h1. CopyrightHeaderTool

CopyrightHeaderTool is a Ruby script to insert a Copyright Header into many files with different syntax

Copyright (C) 2011 Puzzle ITC GmbH - www.puzzle.ch

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License 
along with this program.  If not, see http://www.gnu.org/licenses/

h1. Features

* Insert a Copyright Header into many files with different syntax
* Header is commented according to the filetype (by extension)
* Warning if existing Copyright headers are detected
* File heads, like html doctype are detected and Header is inserted after it
* Remove all inserted Headers


h1. Requirements

* Ruby
* FileUtils (gem install fileutils)


h1. Installation and Usage Notes

# download: @git clone git://github.com/puzzle/copyright_header_tool.git@
# @cd copyright_header_tool@
# Exercise with testfiles: @./copyright_header_tool.rb -h@
# Example @./copyright_header_tool.rb -a -o test@ 
# Use it on your project: 
# Add a Licence file in your project root or specify the Licence file with @-l FILE@
# @/path/to/tool/copyright_header_tool.rb -a -o .@
# Remove inserted headers: @./copyright_header_tool.rb -C@
# To adapt the tool to your needs, simply edit the script. most settings are at the top of the file.
# Share your improvements!

<pre>
./copyright_header_tool.rb -h
Usage: CopyrightHeaderTool.rb options [file]
    -n, --noop                       Output the parsed files to STDOUT, do not change the files
    -o, --outputdir DIR              Use DIR as output directory, default is "copyrighted/"
          (Use  -o "." for in-place inserting )
    -l, --license FILE               Use FILE as Header, default is "License"
    -c, --clean-header FILE          Clean Header in FILE
    -a, --all                        Insert Header in all Files in current folder and subdirectories
    -C, --clean-all                  Clean Header in all Files in current folder and subdirectories
    -f, --file FILE                  Insert Header in FILE
    -V, --version                    Display version information
    -h, --help                       Display this screen
</pre>

h1. Contact Information

CopyrightHeaderTool was made by the guys at Puzzle ITC. Please go to "http://www.puzzle.ch/":http://www.puzzle.ch/ in order to get in touch with us.
